# attendees
@yesct, @amanda, @rubyji, @heyrocker, @sugaroverflow, @cleverington, @cottser

# agenda
- will need to discuss staffing & table/booth contents
- who will be at drupalcon bmore?
- dcon bmore goals

# Sprint 1
- making sure everyone who is interested in contributing is a member of the organization so they can see the sprint board
- casual decision on logo: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/254939/21432615/307f999e-c821-11e6-847d-2c7be52392d4.png
- @cottser to tweak for avatar, stickers, print.

# DC Balt
1. what are our goals (measurable or not) https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/14
2. What will we do in the BOF

@yesct
- I recommend putting the bof (and any other bof like sessions) on an “inclusion spreadsheet of awesome” it will help make sure at least a few people who are already familiar with the topics will be in each. And it is really nice to have contact info so handy. It should also already have slots for things like: set up, tear down, … the opening social. oh, and we could add the women in drupal social to the list in the spreadsheet also.
- I also super recommend making a google calendar (group?) for anything related, so that people can add items they want easily (and then their phone reminds them to go). it also provides a nice overview filter for inclusion themed events that can be shown and promoted via a blog post by someone somewhere. .... we should be able to find someone whose blog is on drupal planet that can either post something, or have one of us be a “guest blogger” and then it will get promoted.


# issues
- official name: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/18
- mentoring-like sheet: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/16
- aggregation/promotion: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/15
