lizzjoy [9:57 AM]
Hello! I'm helping to plan the booth for DrupalCon for the DA. I want to hear what this group is interested in doing in Baltimore so I know what to plan for in the booth space itself. Has this been discussed yet?

damienmckenna [10:11 AM]
@lizzjoy: Wonderful idea.

damienmckenna [10:12 AM]
goes quiet after he finishes applauding.

cleverington [10:13 AM]
I would definitely defer to @drnikki, butI think the heaviest uses we could have is a drop-box for “Event Organizer Tips” or something, which we can then scan and read later for inclusion within the Event Organizer Packet.  If you’ve got a printed version of the WIP Packet, this could help greatly.

[10:15]
The focus of _talking_ though would probably need to be drumming up support / interest in DD&I, invites to the Slack Channels for potential allies, and greater levels of dedication by Event Organizers themselves in increasing DD&I at a Cultural / Community level

[10:17]
Possibly two drop boxes?  Three?  One for WIP EOP, one for areas to improve, and a third for recognizing Diversity.  We could use the third to help with the Compliment Sandwich approach. No-one likes to hear all the time, every time, how this or that part of the Community continues to fail utterly at this or that endeavor.  Especially areas of interest like DD&I / a11y. Instead it would be nice to have a billboard showcasing improvements made and recognition for brilliance.

cleverington [10:18 AM]
blinks, looks around, and slips off randomly generated soapbox

lizzjoy [10:19 AM]
:slightly_smiling_face: Thanks. I'll wait as well to hear more from Nikki. What I gather from your message above is that you'd likely want a table to put all the things onto it. Would you want to have someone present to have conversations?

cleverington [10:20 AM]
Hmm....  Can we defer and have Nikki provide a group response in about....  three-four hours? Our weekly meeting is in 2.5 hrs.

[10:21]
I also misread your message and though you were asking for ideas, not the overall group response.  hehe.

lizzjoy [10:21 AM]
We're going to have a few other groups there too, so it should be a lot of fun. I'll wait to hear more from your meeting.

damienmckenna [10:26 AM]
also misread it, goes to clean his glasses.

cottser [11:02 AM]
I probably won't be able to join the meeting, the update on the logo is there is no update. Hoping to get to it this weekend though

drnikki [11:19 AM]
Hi all! I'm on a plane this morning (waiting to take off right now) and *should* be able to be on WiFi by 9 PST, but do please start without me if I'm late.

[11:21]
@cottser thanks for the update!
@lizzjoy welcome! As a group, we do still need to finalize what we'd like to have on the table, but we will likely want to have people there to talk to people.  Do you have a date by which you need our requests?

drnikki [11:28 AM]
@cleverington @rubyji would one of you mind leading today if I'm late? I can send you the couple of things we need to cover.

cleverington [11:29 AM]
I’m actually in/running a training session until 30 after. :confused:

[11:29]
I can help, but I will probably get pulled away from my laptop a number of times.

drnikki [11:32 AM]
No problem. I'll do my best to get on WiFi as soon as we're in thr air and allowed to. For everyone, the main things I'd like to discuss are community BOF spaces, DC baltimore booth ideas (we need a github issue for this) and volunteers to help craft a position statement (in the wake of recent events in us politics)

lizzjoy [11:33 AM]
Hi @drnikki ! We have a firm deadline of Feb 15 for having a final booth layout, but I'm heading into a meeting in 2 hours to talk through ideas. What would help me is to know what activities you'd like to do in the booth so I can figure out where you fit into the layout and whether you'll need tables/chairs, etc. The meeting today is just a chat, but any direction you can provide is helpful.

drnikki [11:34 AM]
@lizzjoy great, deadline noted and will DM you with the guaranteed minimum we'll need.  We'll flesh out the details in the next few meetings.

lizzjoy [11:36 AM]
Thanks. I'm operating under the assumption that you are in need of a table for a few hours during each day at a minimum. That way, we account for some sort of space and we can change it after hearing more from you.

rubyji [11:37 AM]
@drnikki  I can get things started. No problem.
1 reply Today at 11:39 AM View thread

drnikki [11:41 AM]
Bye for now, all! Back online when we're in the air.

cleverington [11:43 AM]
I have started an issue and a GitHub Project for DrupalCon Baltimore 2017.  (Not just for Goals, a separate issue, but actionable item such as Volunteer time, etc.)

[11:43]
https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/projects/1 & https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/21
GitHub
drupaldiversity/administration
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.

 GitHub
DrupalCon Baltimore Booth · Issue #21 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
Issue We need a few things for the Booth, including Goals, Volunteer Time, etc. Will address during 02/02 Meeting in Slack.


[11:45]
(GitHub Issues == Not-Quite-Trello  :slightly_smiling_face: )

rubyji [12:00 PM]
Hi, everyone and welcome to our weekly Drupal Diversity and Inclusion Working Group meeting!

[12:01]
Our fearless leader @drnikki is in the air, literally, but she will join us when she can. :slightly_smiling_face:

jordan.page.white [12:01 PM]
joined #diversity-inclusion

rubyji [12:01 PM]
Let’s start with an introduction thread. Reply to this message to let us know who’s participating today. (It’s OK if you are also multitasking.)
    +1 7 replies Last reply today at 12:39 PM View thread

jordan.page.white [12:02 PM]
hi (multitasking, but will do my best to keep an eye on this)

heyrocker [12:02 PM]
I’m here (vaguely)

rubyji [12:02 PM]
Welcome, @jordan.page.white.

heyrocker [12:02 PM]
I live in Portland and I’m a strategist for Lullabot

rubyji [12:03 PM]
Um, thread.... :arrow_heading_up:

[12:03]
:slightly_smiling_face:

heyrocker [12:04 PM]
I deny the existence of Slack threads! </rant>

rubyji [12:04 PM]
D’oh! I didn’t realize they were political. :wink:

heyrocker [12:04 PM]
Hah I just hate them, nevermind me

rubyji [12:04 PM]
OK, fine. Introduce yourselves at will! :grin:

[12:06]
OK, please keep intros going. Preferably at https://drupal.slack.com/archives/diversity-inclusion/p1486054910004048

Meanwhile here’s our approximate agenda:
rubyji
Let’s start with an introduction thread. Reply to this message to let us know who’s participating today. (It’s OK if you are also multitasking.)
Posted in #diversity-inclusionToday at 12:01 PM

[12:07]
AGENDA: “The main things I'd like to discuss are community BOF spaces, DC baltimore booth ideas (we need a github issue for this) and volunteers to help craft a position statement (in the wake of recent events in us politics)." (edited)

[12:07]
We’ve already got ideas flowing on booth ideas above. So let’s start with that. (edited)

[12:09]
We have been invited to have space at the Drupal Association’s booth and they would like to know what our needs are regarding space, staffing, etc.

[12:10]
Personally, I actually think the most valuable thing we can do is have at least one person there at all times who talk to people about what we’re doing and about diversity issues in general. I expect there will be some pushback from some people.

[12:11]
And @cleverington suggested dropboxes, but I’m not totally getting what those would be. I know he’s also in another meeting but hopefully he can explain shortly.

sugaroverflow [12:13 PM]
Maybe we can set up a volunteer schedule? Other than the one dedicated person, people can volunteer an hour or two on a specific day?

rubyji [12:15 PM]
Yes definitely, @sugaroverflow. We’ve looked at a spreadsheet for this purpose by @yesct. For today’s purposes we more just need to figure out what we’ll be doing. Like for example if we’re staffing the table, we need to ask for a chair or two.

sugaroverflow [12:16 PM]
Ah I see :)

rubyji [12:17 PM]
Any thoughts @heyrocker , @damienmckenna , @eatings , @gdemet , others ....?

[12:17]
Am I understanding the request correctly, @lizzjoy ?

drnikki [12:18 PM]
hi all!!

[12:18]
Thanks for taking the lead @rubyji! and yes, you've got it.  We've got a request in for a table with chairs, and in general, it would be great to hear from people what they'd like to see/do at the booth

[12:18]
so we can give the DA as much info about where to place us that makes sense.

eatings [12:20 PM]
I think a Lucy Van Pelt style drop-in where people are welcome to discuss whatever is probably the best model. That is, come and bring your questions and discussion topics, vs a proselytizing 'info booth' model, where we are handing out flyers. There is just so much by the way of handout materials at DC that people are probably flyer'ed out by day 1

drnikki [12:20 PM]
Lucy Van Pelt? @eatings (edited)

eatings [12:21 PM]
Sorry I just realized how obscure that is

damienmckenna [12:21 PM]
Ah!

[12:21]
from Peanuts.

eatings [12:22 PM]
Lucy from Peanuts ran a fake psychiatric booth in the comic strip where she had a sign 'the doctor in IN' and folks would drop by and engage in discussions with her

gdemet [12:22 PM]
http://www.jokelibrary.net/education/after_m/psych-supp-peanuts.jpg (43KB)

damienmckenna [12:22 PM]
chuckles

damienmckenna [12:22 PM]
So many parallels..

drnikki [12:23 PM]
Ah, I see.  I think @rubyji made this suggestion also.  So, that's two votes for that

cleverington [12:23 PM]
So many parallels.

drnikki [12:23 PM]
Anyone who hasn't spoken up yet have thoughts about it?

cleverington [12:23 PM]
I love the idea, but was thinking having drop-boxes might be helpful too.

eatings [12:23 PM]
What exactly is a Dropbox?

cleverington [12:23 PM]
The drop-box idea was for content for our WIP Event Organizer Packet

[12:23]
@eatings You’re thinking too digital.  :slightly_smiling_face:

[12:24]
An actual box and slips of paper that people can write down ideas, suggestions on for the WIP

rubyji [12:24 PM]
I also asked above, I don’t understand what you mean @cleverington .

[12:24]
Oh. Remind me what WIP is?

eatings [12:24 PM]
Oh okay. I guess the model I've had in my mind is 'university students tabling for a the Asian Student Union/LGBTQ union/etc.'

cleverington [12:24 PM]
Then the idea sort of built-up in my head to having a second drop-box for ‘DD&I Recognition’ where Participants walking through could give props, if they can think of any.

drnikki [12:25 PM]
@eatings can you explain that model for those who might not have gone to university or had a similar experience?

[12:25]
@cleverington ah word, feedback boxes.

cleverington [12:25 PM]
Yep.  I :heart: @eatings idea, but with the encouragement for Contribution.

rubyji [12:27 PM]
I was also thinking of the tabling model as @eatings is describing.

eatings [12:27 PM]
Sure -- at university, you frequently see student groups tabling in a main public area, a central outdoor gathering space, looking for interested folks to pass by. I was part of the Asian Student Union at my university, and we had weekly tables outside the main undergrad general studies building, where we would have a couple people, a sign/drape, and some photos and posters of our events.

rubyji [12:27 PM]
Like I said, I think there will be a lot of questions about what we’re doing and the need for it.

eatings [12:28 PM]
We didn't really say, pitch people on joining ASU, but more or less provided a public visibility to a group that was a bit of a minority in Florida

drnikki [12:28 PM]
ah yes

[12:29]
while there will be some of that, probably, I think we can also use it as a space for meeting - connecting with organizers, doing direct outreach, rather than passively sitting and waiting for people to come by

eatings [12:29 PM]
And if people had questions or interest, we talked about our group and we invited them to events and socials

[12:29]
Of course

[12:29]
I think though that organizer outreach and such will have to be done with a bit of directed, personal touch

[12:29]
I.e. We should reach out to known organizers pre-event and invite them to come by

drnikki [12:30 PM]
@eatings yes of course.  I'm working up a plan for that.

rubyji [12:30 PM]
I hadn’t thought of tht @drnikki. Would you do something like invite people to meet you at the booth at a certain time?

drnikki [12:30 PM]
probably, yes.  I'm trying to hack apart yesct's spreadsheet to get that started

eatings [12:31 PM]
I was going to suggest it's important for us to have a Sponsor Table, that is one with a drape and backdrop yes but just as important is the nearest round table for general use; in my experience that is where the most meaningful and personal conversations are had

[12:31]
We should annex the nearest BoF/dining/social table as well

cleverington [12:35 PM]
I think I would also note the need for Volunteers / Schedule

[12:35]
(sorry, banging in and out)

bradleyfields [12:38 PM]
coming in late, so sorry if this has already been mentioned
but any specific requests we'd need the Con staff to set up _at_ a table?
e.g., monitor, easels, surge protectors, extension cords, duct tape, etc.? (edited)

cleverington [12:39 PM]
A monitor to showcase the WIP?

bradleyfields [12:40 PM]
perhaps, sure

[12:41]
or to quick-demo ways to contribute via github

amanda [12:41 PM]
hi!  just getting off my other call and jumping in

rubyji [12:45 PM]
Welcome, @amanda and @bradleyfields!

drnikki [12:46 PM]
@cleverington working on the schedule spreadsheet now.  Hacking Cathy's apart.

[12:49]
Sorry - have been in and out because of plane wifi - next up need volunteers willing to write a few things

rubyji [12:50 PM]
I think @drnikki is getting cut off again, let me help move us along.

[12:50]
There is going to be a designated BOF room for diversity-related topics.

[12:50]
We have some suggestions on GitHub, are there others?

[12:51]
https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/20
GitHub
Ideas for Community/Inclusion/Diversity BOF spaces · Issue #20 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
There will be one room dedicated to community BOFs at Baltimore. Crowd-sourcing a list of ideas for BOFs that we can pre-schedule. There will also be slots for people to schedule their own.


amanda [12:52 PM]
A specific question related to this would be about how to best create space for ethnic or racial communities.

[12:53]
For example - if we had a BoF called Asians in Drupal…how does that read?  I want to make sure we have it feel inclusive but am not sure if calling it out like that is offensive in a way. I would love your input.

rubyji [12:54 PM]
That’s a good question, @amanda. Given that BOFs are participant-organized I would think it important in that scenario that it be an Asian proposing the session.

[12:54]
But I think you’re also getting at whether non-Asians would feel excluded by that.

eatings [12:55 PM]
I would totally welcome an Asians in Drupal BoF

[12:55]
I'd totally go to one

amanda [12:55 PM]
We often hear that people want to meet people that are ‘like them’ and that we shoudl try and foster that

rubyji [12:55 PM]
(Which is funny, because no-one ever complains about being excluded from designer BOFs, nonprofit BOFs, or small-shop BOFs because they don’t fall into those groups.)

amanda [12:55 PM]
be that a Higher-Ed summit and meeting someone who does the same thing you do at a university aross the world

[12:55]
so the idea with this is that we MAKE the BoF, and it creates a place where people can go to meet

rubyji [12:55 PM]
Yes. I think it would be a very useful thing.

amanda [12:56 PM]
does that make sense?  Like to create a time and place for that community specifically to come together

rubyji [12:56 PM]
As I said above, I think it’s very important that you partner with someone from the community to convene the BOF.

amanda [12:56 PM]
agreed

[12:56]
Ideally although we are hosting these BoFs, we will have a champion of each

rubyji [12:57 PM]
Ah so these are kind of “official” DA BOFs?

cleverington [12:57 PM]
I think I would prefer.....  regional as opposed to race as an approach?  I know that sounds… off, but…  would ‘Asians in Drupal’ be exclusive to non-Asians?  Simply from the origin of the name?

amanda [12:57 PM]
yea - i would like to have these bofs set up before the bofs are availaeble for scheduling, so that when the schedule goes live, poeple can plan them into their schedule adn they will already be set

rubyji [12:57 PM]
I strongly disagree, @cleverington .

cleverington [12:58 PM]
I understand the enticement of having Asians in Drupal and possibly even Irish in Drupal, but....  ugh.  I mean, it IS the goal of BOFs, so....

rubyji [12:58 PM]
Just like women in Drupal need a space to get together and talk about issues unique to us, people of color, queer, disabled, non-citizen, other groups may also appreciate having that.

amanda [12:58 PM]
that ^

eatings [12:58 PM]
One can be Asian and not be from Asia... :)

amanda [12:59 PM]
so the idea with these BoFs is that we create those spaces

rubyji [12:59 PM]
Do you actually have a problem with people of color getting together and talking about their experience with each other?

cleverington [12:59 PM]
Oh no, not at all.

amanda [12:59 PM]
brb it’s windy here and my garbage is falling out

cleverington [12:59 PM]
I was just trying to percolate a naming convention which was not unintentionally exclusive.

drnikki [1:00 PM]
Sorry to swoop in while I have signal but... @cleverington  I think there's room for interpretation here

[1:00]
I think we need to wrestle with the difference between exclusive and exclusionary

[1:01]
as well as recognizing that we need to honor spaces from which the dominant groups are best absent. (edited)

jordan.page.white [1:01 PM]
I think I completely misunderstood @cleverington, but through my misunderstanding I may have another prudent suggestion

amanda [1:01 PM]
whew back!

rubyji [1:01 PM]
Groups that are not part of the dominant culture very much need their own spaces where they can talk directly with each other without having to worry about offending, appeasing, or explaining to others.

jordan.page.white [1:02 PM]
Ex. My wife is Armenian, and when activities/groups/etc. are organized (only) by race, it is often very confusing to her (and others) which group(s) she should be a part of

amanda [1:03 PM]
and @jordan.page.white I definitely want there to be more groups that just racial groups.  BoFs about foreigners in the US could be one, or one about imposter syndrome, etc.  Just creating spaces proactively so that they are there for those who want to participate

jordan.page.white [1:03 PM]
She is a very kind and understanding person, so she is happy to be a part of any group, although she is usually most comfortable with other Middle Eastern people, but if there was a way to make a further clarification or something additional, that could be helpful. That being said, that might be best done ‘in person’ vs. making a ridiculously long title

amanda [1:03 PM]
so in looking at topics, I would love to hear some topics that you think that would make good pre-set BoFs to create a more inclusionary environment

rubyji [1:04 PM]
There may be some push back about identity-specific caucuses/BOFs at DC from people who are used to being entitled to be in every space. But that just points all the more to the need for them.

cleverington [1:04 PM]
I think a combination of both jordan’s approach and eatings/ruby’s approach seems to the most logical to me.

amanda [1:05 PM]
ok - so if we could brainstorm some topics, I would like to add them to the list

cleverington [1:05 PM]
As ruby said, there may be push back on ‘Asians in Drupal’ but.... they can always go to another room.

drnikki [1:05 PM]
To @amanda's point, adding this to the github issue would be helpful (edited)

[1:05]
including any concerns you might have. (edited)

cleverington [1:05 PM]
*coughs* (Not everyone else can..... lol)

eatings [1:07 PM]
Some Pre-set BOF ideas:

Imposter Syndrome (preferably after one of the imposter syndrome talks accepted)
How to successfully propose and give talks at Drupalcon (right?!?!?!)
Improving Diversity at Drupal events (expect heated conversation here)
Raising Diverse Leadership

drnikki [1:07 PM]
Y'all, While I have wifi, I want to take you for continuing to show up and hash this stuff out.  It's important that we discuss our disagreements and different perspectives with each other and in this process, we can sometimes identify our own biases and un-examined brainwashing.

amanda [1:08 PM]
Thanks @eatings those are strong ideas

eatings [1:08 PM]
#2 mostly because we gotta do more than just invite established outside folks to diversify our speakers and leaders, we gotta grow our own too

cleverington [1:08 PM]
International Concerns ?

drnikki [1:08 PM]
@eatings we do, and we need fertile, welcoming ground in which to grow it, which is also part of our push. :slightly_smiling_face:

eatings [1:09 PM]
@cleverington: I'd like for us to pointedly AVOID that topic actually because there is little actionable outcome, and lots of risk of fractious infighting.

[1:09]
If by international concerns you mean 'The Trump Administration'

cleverington [1:09 PM]
‘s why I was hesitant.

rubyji [1:10 PM]
But @eatings it’s a gathering for solidarity and community building. Not making policy.

cleverington [1:10 PM]
Actually, was more along the lines of “Some of our Community can no longer reach other portions” and ways to ensure solid lines of communication and support, but yeah, would probably head that direction.

amanda [1:10 PM]
the community summit group discussed drupal as a political movement - it has been involved in campaigns in the past and could be a nice discussion topic.  an idea of a social change BoF came up as well.

rubyji [1:10 PM]
I think people without US passports will have some very valid concerns to discuss.

[1:11]
@amanda Social change would be great. We had a BOF on that in Portland that I attended.

eatings [1:11 PM]
I think it risks turning into a shitshow, honestly. There are definitely Trump supporters who come to Drupalcons

drnikki [1:11 PM]
@eatings point taken.

amanda [1:11 PM]
and this isn’t the only day that we can talk about this if we need to move forward in the agenda.  We can continue to add to git as we come up with ideas.

sugaroverflow [1:11 PM]
If we are going to have a *discussion like that, it might be worth setting up parameters for the discussion to keep it from derailing into a debate. (edited)

rubyji [1:11 PM]
@eatings That’s true of any marginalized group. We’re not going to not meet because Nazi’s don't want us to.

cleverington [1:11 PM]
I would note that we have a Code of Conduct........

rubyji [1:11 PM]
It’s not a talk, y’all.

drnikki [1:11 PM]
and 'social change' happens in both directions.  getting people together who want to support the administration and other people who do not, seems okay

[1:12]
(in 2 separate groups)

jordan.page.white [1:13 PM]
I am not sure if this is relevant to this group, first time here, but it might be cool to have some kind of space or some way to connect to people who either do not work for a big Drupal shop that can send a group of people, work out of a non-tech city (i.e. not SF, Oakland, Portland, etc.), or just generally need people to connect to. I went to my first Drupal event recent (BADCamp), and I had an amazing time. But, coming from a small(er) city with a small tech community and since I do not work for a big Drupal shop, I did notice that there were packs of Acquia folk, Chapter3 folk, Four Kitchens, etc. etc. etc. I still talked to people and had a good time meeting people, but if there is a way to reach out to the introverts (like my coworker for ex.) it might improve their experience, retention at future Drupal events, and hopefully inspire them to get involved in volunteering at future Drupal events

drnikki [1:13 PM]
@jordan.page.white that's a great idea - can you please add it to the issue so it doesn't get lost

amanda [1:13 PM]
i think that’s a good idea!

jordan.page.white [1:13 PM]
yeah, of course

rubyji [1:13 PM]
There are some guys that object to us having special Women in Drupal functions. Again, it just indicates the stronger need for it! (Also a lot of guys come to the women thing, which I have mixed feelings about. I wish we had a separate BOF and social gathering.) (edited)

amanda [1:14 PM]
a women in drupal bof could be the day after the event to further strengthen those ties

rubyji [1:14 PM]
@jordan.page.white Working at a nonprofit I have a similar experience. At Portland we also had a tiny BOF for people who are at small orgs and do it all. Kind of similar. (edited)

[1:15]
@amanda It would be great if we could limit to only people who identify as women (or not as male, more accurately).

amanda [1:15 PM]
in the Bof?

rubyji [1:16 PM]
Yes, that’s what I was thinking. My point is sometimes I want to talk ABOUT women in Drupal, but sometimes I want to talk TO women in Drupal.

amanda [1:16 PM]
i see, got it

[1:16]
i’ve noted it

rubyji [1:16 PM]
The reception is good for the former, a BOF might be good for the latter. Although it might be too big.

amanda [1:17 PM]
yea, that’s my only worry, but that’s an awesome worry

[1:17]
we can make it work

hrodrig [1:17 PM]
Are there perhaps muslims in our community that would like to get together in a BOF? I feel like giving people who are being actively targeted right now a safe space to get together and talk about their concerns, their careers, etc. sounds like a great idea.

amanda [1:17 PM]
++

sparklingrobots [1:18 PM]
@jordan.page.white there is a small shops drupal slack and frequently a small shops BoF, let me see if I can dig it up for you

[1:21]
@jordan.page.white https://drupal.slack.com/archives/small-drupal-shops

jordan.page.white [1:21 PM]
thanks

[1:21]
joined

amanda [1:22 PM]
i’m going to have to jump off in a second for another call and will read through the messages when i’m available again, but, if you have an idea for a BoF, please add it to the git issue.  and thank you for sharing!

eatings [1:23 PM]
I'm about to jump for the same call -- but one last idea for pre-drupalcon: A Suggested Talks blog post somewhere prominent

cboyden [1:23 PM]
I'd love to see a Women in Drupal BOF. I find the reception to be, well,  not optimal

eatings [1:23 PM]
A 'if you are interested in Diversity topics, come to these events/see these talks'

[1:23]
Something like that

cottser [1:23 PM]
@jordan.page.white just a couple other suggestions: there is a first-time DrupalCon attendee event which I think has gotten good feedback. you may also want to keep your eye out for board game nights if you're into board gaming at all :slightly_smiling_face: good way to meet folks and relatively quiet compared to parties at bars

amanda [1:24 PM]
@eatings i think that that would be something we could feature on the drupalcon blog/site as well
 3 replies Last reply today at 1:27 PM View thread

eatings [1:24 PM]
Woot

jordan.page.white [1:24 PM]
Also, perhaps I should note this in the issue queue, but I won’t be able to make it to DrupalCon (company doesn’t have the money and neither do I). Hopefully, I’ll be able to continue going to BADCamp every year though since I incur most of the cost and it is basically free to my employer. I would be happy to participate in any of these efforts there

[1:25]
@cottser Thank you! That is good to know. I love board games!

cottser [1:25 PM]
BADCamp is awesome :slightly_smiling_face:

[1:25]
And lots of board gaming usually happening

jordan.page.white [1:26 PM]
Agreed. It was a phenomenal first experience in the (bigger) Drupal community

amanda [1:26 PM]
ok, must run.  :wave:

drnikki [1:28 PM]
@rubyji++ for facilitating this week's meeting.  and adding meeting notes. :wink:


PlusPlus BOT [1:28 PM]
Woot! [@rubyji++, now at 11 points]

rubyji [1:29 PM]
Thanks for sharing your ideas everyone and especially for working through some of this uncharted water together.

amanda [1:29 PM]
@rubyji ++


PlusPlus BOT [1:29 PM]
Woot! [@rubyji++, now at 12 points]

rubyji [1:29 PM]
And to @drnikki++ for keeping things going from the air!!


PlusPlus BOT [1:29 PM]
Woot! [@drnikki++, now at 25 points]

cleverington [1:29 PM]
gonna toss another @rubyji++ for patience.  :slightly_smiling_face:


PlusPlus BOT [1:29 PM]
Woot! [@rubyji++, now at 13 points]

cleverington [1:29 PM]
Also, welcome @jordan.page.white!  ^-^

jordan.page.white [1:29 PM]
Thanks everyone for being very welcoming to a newcomer! I’m hoping I can make the time to join you all going forward

lizzjoy [1:30 PM]
@rubyji Yes, thanks for asking. This gives me an idea of what direction to go in. Sorry I wasn't in the discussion. I'm in and out of meetings today.

rubyji [1:33 PM]
No worries, @lizzjoy! Glad it’s helpful.
