Hello!  The drupal diversity & inclusion chat/working group meeting is happening NOW (9pst / 12est / 17utc) in #diversity-inclusion. All are welcome!

# General meeting notes / introduction
- Hello and welcome to the weekly Diversity Chat.  Many relevant links are in pinned messages in the channel and we'll be sharing links as appropriate throughout.
- This meeting is chat-only. There is no video or audio component.
- We will be using threads to group topics so that people who are lurking/working/lunching can drop in and out and not have a huge backlog to get through.  This doesn't trigger notifications (depending on your settings) so plz be careful.  We're still figuring things out. :)
- While we have been fairly task-based lately, we are still also here to support community members with any diversity/inclusion issues they're having.


# Updates:
- table at DCBalt is set
- table banner at DCBalt is done (thanks @cottser)
- @drnikki is investigating cost of die cut vs square/rect stickers
- @rubyji continues to kill it on social media


# Agenda:
- need to update branding on website
- who is going to midcamp - @sugaroverflow is going and putting together a panel
- who is going to DC Balt - fill out spreadsheet
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PWd2ZpgumtmDq0wrKLBpmEdknQ3Mw598gaThoyhiY3c/edit
- want sprint agenda ^ added to the spreadsheet

# Main takeaways
1 - sparklingrobots, mikemiles86, bradleyfields, legovaer all working on website issues
2 - alannaburke still working on dcbalt photo setup
