
#Attendees
@drnikki, @cboyden, @rubyji, @gdemet, @catch, @johnshortess, @gapple, @sugaroverflow, @alannaburke, @manning, @rachel_norfolk, @hrodrig, @eatings, @sparklingrobots

# Updates from last week
@helenasue with flags update
@alannaburke with photo update + letter update
@hrodig leading initiative for onboarding documents

# Agenda items

## Drupalcon baltimore
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PWd2ZpgumtmDq0wrKLBpmEdknQ3Mw598gaThoyhiY3c/edit#gid=174361951
:one: Monday load in
- need volunteers
- Nikki will be in community summit all day
http://doodle.com/poll/a47szfwsguqm47xa
:two: Booth staffing & will need a 'how to take pictures' document somewhere

:three: @eatings's ways to get involved
 - mailing list!!

:four: booth talking points / issue made https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/46

:five: sheet updates with diversity things

:six:  A reminder that we've got an open issue for things we want to discuss in our strategy meeting at DC. So especially if you can't be with us physically - https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/28 (edited)

:eight: there are going to be feedback/discussion sessions at DC re: CWG/LG/governance/structure of things.  What role (if any) does the DD&I group have in that, do you think?
(crickets)

:nine: We just need a thumbs up vote on this one: for those who will be in Baltimore (or will be online and have some time on Friday) who is able to sprint on some DD&I stuff?
- cboyden, rubyji, eatings, alannaburke, sugaroverflow
