## Attendance
@alannaburke, @rubyji, @sugaroverflow, @gdemet, @heyrocker, @kara, @cleverington, @alisonjo2786, @justachris, @cottser, @sacarney, @mdrummond, @sarahjean, @tim.plunkett, @farriss,


Notes about the meeting:
- This meeting is chat-only. There is no video or audio component.
- We leave about 5 minutes between topics, sometimes more, so that people who are multitasking can keep up.
- The meeting is threaded, so please keep an eye on thread notifications (this may not pop an alert depending on your settings.)
- Our meeting agendas are public and posted in advance.

Meeting lead & notes taken by @drnikki

# Agenda Items

## twitter
:two: We're also adding a section for people to take direct action.  If you follow a POC (or Queer/Trans/NonBinary POC) on Twitter, recommend them.  I'd like everyone to follow a few new POCs on Twitter to start broadening your inputs.  
- https://twitter.com/feministajones
- https://twitter.com/_danilo
- https://twitter.com/fakerapper/
- https://twitter.com/samswey

Other folks shared:
- https://twitter.com/revisionpath
- https://twitter.com/AngryBlackLady
- https://twitter.com/IjeomaOluo
- https://twitter.com/kmt188
- https://twitter.com/wewatchwatchers
- https://twitter.com/BreeNewsome
- https://twitter.com/OsopePatrisse
- https://twitter.com/Colorlines
- https://twitter.com/thepapaya
- https://twitter.com/asmamk
- https://twitter.com/aarti411
- https://twitter.com/nakisnakis
- https://twitter.com/anildash
- https://twitter.com/AliTahmizian (
- https://twitter.com/joymwhitt
- https://twitter.com/deecater
- https://twitter.com/nouripour
(from catch )
 @amar47shah @0x424c41434b ‏ @public_archive ‏@EricaJoy ‏@eveewing ‏@so_treu ‏@LukeEdeNoronha ‏@judeinlondon ‏@KGuilaine ‏@NativeApprops ‏@knox_o @brownblaze ‏@prisonculture ‏

Lists:
- https://twitter.com/kara_h/lists/ferguson?s=09
- https://twitter.com/Ruby/lists/black-voices-matter

## instagram
:three: If you're an instagram user, go follow at least one account that you wouldn't normally.
- https://www.instagram.com/mediablackoutusa/
- https://www.instagram.com/undocumedia/
- https://www.instagram.com/guerrillafeminism/

other folks shared:
https://www.instagram.com/2dopequeens/
https://www.instagram.com/msjwilly/
https://www.instagram.com/mindykaling/
https://www.instagram.com/karlie.floss/

And, these two are my friends IRL (but the former is actually a fashionista business lady, so she prob belongs in the first list, but I want to brag #iknewherwhen lol)
https://www.instagram.com/mademepretty/
https://www.instagram.com/niambi_itsjusthair/

## Moderation team updates
https://github.com/drupaldiversity/moderation-guidance/issues/6

## Content Team Updates
(by @sugaroverflow)

Hi, I’m the Content team lead, @sugaroverflow. Ask me if you have any questions or would like to contribute to our efforts in social media, writing, editing, or putting things together!

:star: :star: Content team meetings happen on the first Friday of every month. *Our next meeting is on  July 7 2017 at 12 PM EST right here in this channel.*

Here are the some of the things we are working on: (edited)
]
:one: A Social Media policy

The social media policy is meant to inform our decisions about what we post and how we handle situations online. I have a draft up for review that I would love your feedback on: `https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/pull/100` (edited)

:two: Creating a glossary for Diversity and Inclusion terms.

We use a lot of terminology in our discussions around inclusion and inclusive spaces. We would like to have a resource for helping people define those terms easily. I’ve created a small matching game on Quizlet with some of the terms that have come up in our discussions. I encourage you take it and see how you do: `https://quizlet.com/214856991/match` (You have to drag one match on top of it’s pair)

If you find that you don’t know a lot of the terms, post them in our issue or discuss them here with us!

Here’s the issue for the glossary we are building: `https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/77` (edited)

:three: Volunteers for our Newsletter

I would like to get our newsletter moving so I’ve created a draft with some filler text to see what it would look like.

Please check this out and leave some comments about what you think `http://bit.ly/ddi-newsletter-template-draft`

Ideas for the newsletter go here: `https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/86`. (edited)

:star: :star: That’s all for content team updates! The work continues in our issue queue and you can check out all the things that need work on our project board `https://github.com/orgs/drupaldiversity/projects/3`

Feel free to message me if you have questions.

## Principles Document
:seven: we'd been asking for feedback on the official DD&I principles document . We got a lot of great comments and one common piece of feedback was to simplify the language.  @sugaroverflow did a great job of working on that last night, so please review the updated draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UAhFCr3JJNFXyvrKZ2N3-dT8dJWJLoqXvH4dFbPxp6s/edit


## Agenda for next week
https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/103.
