# attendance
@drnikki, @cleverington, @sugaroverflow
self-identified lurkers: @gdemet, @timr, @amanda, @weekbeforenext


# Agenda
- review pull requests on Organizer Packet
- discuss all issues in the repo tagged "next-meeting"
- discuss booth at drupalcon
- reminder about logo upgrades

# diversity goals in the org Packet
@eatings:
yeah, i think the whole ‘engage and debate’ strategy fails in the end. you can’t go point for point with trolls or MRAs or alt-right or what have you because that’s a losing play — you have to stand on your ground of ‘making a better event for all’, not defending tactics to death (edited)
 so the message and the charge should center around making better events, and why these moves make events better, not how they’re _not_ making it worse for incumbent groups of privilege. if organizers get dragged into defending their actions ‘against’ privileged groups, that is the beginning of the rhetorical end, as it were.

@cleverington:
Hmm. I think I would agree. And though we, as a GROUP may want to push the envelope, the Org Packet is ultimately going to be a Best Practices sort of document... which I think brings us back to @eatings point on including quotas within the packet.  
I almost feel they should not even be mentioned simply because it sort of detracts from our goal of providing resources to make things better

# drupalcon
- members agree that space on the conference floor is a good idea
- will need to discuss staffing & table/booth contents
