
#Attendees
@drnikki, @lauras, @les_lim, @cleverington, @rachel_norfolk, @tim.plunkett, @catch, @alannaburke, @mdrummond, @johnshortess, @sparklingrobots, @cottser, @yesct, @hrodrig, @cehfisher, @rvtraveller, @penyaskito, @sarahjean, @logickal, @gapple, @rakeshjames


# introduce
- This meeting is chat-only. There is no video or audio component. There has been some confusion about that in the past.
- If you're participating in any capacity, please respond to this with who you are and something about yourself.
- Conversations are threaded to make it easier to catch up for people who missed the meeting and for people who are working/lurking/lunching to follow along. Sometimes this changes Slack's notifications, so keep an eye on the Threads.

# Updates from last week
@alannaburke with photo update + LOAD IN HELP + PHOTO HELP.


# Agenda items

High-level takeaways:
- the room will remain public
- the issue queue will remain public
- there is a safe space for those who are concerned about safety in Baltimore. Ping @sparkingrobots for access.

:one: Updates from @alannaburke who's done an AMAAAZZZINNNGGG job getting us a photobooth at drupalcon.  I want to make sure she has all the support she needs getting the booth set up and the photo stuff set up.
TLDR: She's good. Will report next week (or earlier) the kind of help she needs.

:two: As some of you may be aware, people have been screenshotting conversations in here and posting them to twitter (and other places I'm sure.)  I want to make sure everyone knows that and also open the floor to anyone who'd like to respond or request private spaces, etc etc.

:three: As the flurry of activity about Drupal governance continues, I'd like to reraise the issue of moderation "shifts" and a moderation team. We can vote no on this, of course. The explicit election of a team also has power implications - though power dynamics are already present (just maybe more implicit) Two related open issues:  https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/31  and https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/34

:four: Related to moderation, we have new faces posting in the issue queues.  (see https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Aquestion)  Do we want to keep our issue queues open to public participation? (edited)
- tldr - yes.

(i accidentally skipped number five)

:six: Would like to call out two issues that still need particpation on github:
- booth talking points https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/46
- open issue for things we want to discuss in our strategy meeting at DC. So especially if you can't be with us physically - https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/28 (edited)

:seven: does anyone have suggestions for how to keep the github issue queue prioritized?  My PM skills fall short in this area and I'd like to help us focus on what people feel is the most pressing, but I'm struggling to figure out how to do that.

:eight: Does anyone have any safety concerns or nervousness about attending DC Balt that we can rally around and support?  Or general suggestions about that? If you feel comfortable sharing, that is. (edited)


:nine: Community Conversations will be happening at Baltimore with a third-party moderator.  I'm working with the CWG/DA to keep them as safe and accessible as possible - discussing how to get transcripts up at the end of each meeting.  Would love any suggestions you have about those and any of you are welcome to get involved in the planning/execution.  Just lmk.
  tldr - make sure people not in baltimore can participate.  later in the day @farris confirmed.

:keycap_ten: The floor is open, and I'd like to use the last numbered icon to reiterate my appreciation for all of you for continuing to show up and participate, especially as things become more heated and more visible.  It's simple(r) to advocate for diversity when no one is paying attention; much harder when people are looking and listening.   So, thank you for being here and being visible and demonstrating through your actions that this is important to us.
  tldr - no new topics

*ISSUES THAT NEED CONTRIBUTIONS*
- booth talking points https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/46
- open issue for things we want to discuss in our strategy meeting at DC. So especially if you can't be with us physically - https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/28
