=============================
    *** MAIN CHANNEL ***
=============================

rubyji [12:01 PM] 
Hey, everyone. Welcome to our weekly diversity & inclusion working group meeting!

[12:01]  
@drnikki has a conflict this week and she asked me to facilitate the meeting.

[12:01]  
- This meeting is chat-only. There is no video or audio component.
- We will be using threads to group topics so that people who are lurking/working/lunching can drop in and out and not have a huge backlog to get through.  This doesn't trigger notifications (depending on your settings) so plz be careful.  We're still figuring things out. :slightly_smiling_face:
- While we have been fairly task-based lately, we are still also here to support community members with any diversity/inclusion issues they're having.

rubyji [12:02 PM] 
:white_check_mark: Let’s start with introductions. Please respond _on the thread on this message_ to let us know who you are and where you are. Real names appreciated.
    +4 9 replies Last reply today at 12:59 PM View thread

rubyji [12:05 PM] 
:white_check_mark: If people want, I think it can be really helpful to also check in with how we’re feeling and what we’re personally bringing in to the meeting today.
   6 replies Last reply today at 12:22 PM View thread

rubyji [12:07 PM] 
I think our main topics today will be various DrupalCon-related things. Are there any other items people want to put on our “agenda?"

[12:09]  
Y’all are quiet today!

[12:10]  
By the way, don’t forget to check the “all Threads” notice to catch new messages in various threads.

[12:11]  
OK, on to DrupalCon! :druplicon: :druplicon: :druplicon:

amanda [12:11 PM] 
:wave: on another call/meeting but hi!
1 reply Today at 12:12 PM View thread

rubyji [12:12 PM] 
A reminder that all of our tasks and projects can be found in the issues at https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration
github.com
GitHub - drupaldiversity/administration: Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.

rubyji [12:14 PM] 
:white_check_mark:  We are going to have a table at DrupalCon with a photo activity so people can take pictures of themselves that say something like “I’m a Drupaller!” to show the diversity of the community.
    42 replies Last reply today at 1:00 PM View thread

bendygirl [12:15 PM] 
is the table a "community" table? Or a sponsor booth?
rubyji
:white_check_mark:  We are going to have a table at DrupalCon with a photo activity so people can take pictures of themselves that say something like “I’m a Drupaller!” to show the diversity of the community.
Posted in #diversity-inclusionToday at 12:14 PM

rubyji [12:16 PM] 
replied to a thread
rubyji 12:14 PM
:white_check_mark:  We are going to have a table at DrupalCon with a photo activity so people can take pictures of themselves that say something like “I’m a Drupaller!” to show the diversity of the community.
https://drupal.slack.com/archives/diversity-inclusion/p1488474868006074
2 replies
rubyji 12:16 PM
@bendygirl In answer to your question, we will have a table located at the Drupal Association’s booth.
https://drupal.slack.com/archives/diversity-inclusion/p1488474964006078?thread_ts=1488474868006074&cid=C1BCR7XL6

rubyji [12:18 PM] 
:white_check_mark: We’re going to have stickers made to hand out at DC. This doesn’t need to be decided this week, but happy to get suggestions as to what should be on the sticker besides our logo. https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/24

Sticker image · Issue #24 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.
   7 replies Last reply today at 12:40 PM View thread

rubyji [12:24 PM] 
:white_check_mark: There is an on-going list of suggestions for BOF topics. https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/20

Ideas for Community/Inclusion/Diversity BOF spaces · Issue #20 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.

rubyji [12:30 PM] 
:white_check_mark: There has been some talk of a sprint while we’re at DC.
    25 replies Last reply today at 1:01 PM View thread

rubyji [12:31 PM] 
replied to a thread
rubyji 12:30 PM
:white_check_mark: There has been some talk of a sprint while we’re at DC.
https://drupal.slack.com/archives/diversity-inclusion/p1488475805006167
6 replies
rubyji 12:31 PM
Also, FYI there will be a session at DrupalCon about us, the DD&I working group! It will be led by Nikki and me. https://events.drupal.org/baltimore2017/sessions/year-diversity-initiatives
https://drupal.slack.com/archives/diversity-inclusion/p1488475909006185?thread_ts=1488475805006167&cid=C1BCR7XL6


PlusPlus APP [12:33 PM] 
Woot! [@alannaburke++, now at 1 point]

cleverington [12:45 PM] 
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/screening-of-code-debugging-the-gender-gap-tickets-32188679206
Eventbrite
Screening of CODE: Debugging the Gender Gap
Join us and our partners for a special screening of CODE: Debugging the Gender Gap!  Agenda 6:00-6:45 Expo: Demos/Booths with Partners 7:00-7:50 Screening 8:00-8:45 Panel 8:45-9:00 Next Steps Tech jobs are growing three times faster than our colleges are producing computer science graduates. By 2020, there will be one million unfilled software engineering jobs in the USA. Through compelling interviews, artistic animation and clever flashpoints in popular culture, CODE documentary examines the reasons why more girls and people of color are not seeking opportunities in computer science and explores how cultural mindsets, stereotypes, educational hurdles, and sexism all play roles in this national crisis. Expert voices from the worlds of tech, psychology, science, and education are intercut with inspiring stories of women who are engaged in the fight to challenge complacency in the tech industry and have their voices heard. CODE aims to inspire change in mindsets, in the educational system, in startup culture and in the way women see themselves in the field of coding. View the trailer at http://www.codedoc.co/about/ Partners: ATX Web Film Series Austin Girl Geek Dinners ChickTech The Iron Yard Women's Mechanical Engineering Women Who Code Panel discussion featuring the following women in tech: Lydia Guarino, Product Engineer at Dataworld Rebecca Crago, Freelance Web Developer & Logistics Manager at ChickTech Edria Fleming, Founder Gee-e-Gurl; Founder of Austin Girl Geek Dinners Dee Kapila, Manager & Functional Architect at Visa  Holly Gibson, Developer at Praxent, Executive Director of  Austin Women Who Code Quynh Pham, Director of QA at Mutual Mobile  Olivia Gann, Mechanical Engineer at Mixer Designer Group, Founder of Austin Austin Enginettes
Where
----------------
1120 South Lamar Boulevard, Austin, TX 78704

When
----------------
Tue, Mar 7, 2017 at 6:00 PM

(755KB)

bendygirl [12:50 PM] 
It's disappointing that film makers can't make enough from documentaries for groups like ours to show the content http://licenses.tugg.com/products/code

[12:50]  
Kind of expensive without knowing what you're getting

wizonesolutions [12:52 PM] 
uploaded and commented on this image: #typography
1 Comment
#typographymatters++


PlusPlus APP [12:52 PM] 
Woot! [#typographymatters++, now at 1 point]

rubyji [12:55 PM] 
Our time is almost up. This has been a great session! Is there anything else people want to share or discuss?

rubyji [1:01 PM] 
uploaded this image: 14469656_10153783497901610_8980134131553635939_n.jpg
Add Comment

rubyji [1:02 PM] 
Apparently you can’t upload files in threads! These are my coworkers above. (edited)

[1:03]  
OK, thanks everyone for a great meeting! I’ll copy the meeting notes and add them to https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/tree/master/meeting-notes
github.com
administration/meeting-notes at master · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.

============================
   *** INTRODUCTIONS ***
============================

rubyji [Today at 12:02 PM] 
in #diversity-inclusion
:white_check_mark: Let’s start with introductions. Please respond _on the thread on this message_ to let us know who you are and where you are. Real names appreciated.

9 replies
rubyji [1 hour ago] 
I’m Ruby. I’m a developer at US-focused advocacy organization. And I live in Durham, NC.


gdemet [1 hour ago] 
George DeMet, owner of Palantir.net in Chicago and chair of the Drupal Community Working Group. Mostly lurking today.


bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
I'm Kirsten. I'm a developer for the US Gov't and I live in College Park Maryland, outside of DC. I mostly lurk here and am an active Drupal Camp Organizer.


cottser [1 hour ago] 
I'm Scott, Drupal dev and such in London Canada. Lunchy-lurking today.


damienmckenna [1 hour ago] 
I'm Damien McKenna, I work with Mediacurrent in the USA, mostly lurking as I have to go make lunch for our kids.


rachel_norfolk [1 hour ago] 
Hi! Rachel Lawson somewhere in a field in the UK today


cboyden [1 hour ago] 
Hi, I'm Caroline, a web developer in Berkeley USA, mostly lurking today.


eatings [24 minutes ago] 
David, I lead a team of Drupallers in-house at a company in SF


sugaroverflow [6 minutes ago] 
Fatima, London, Canada, drupal dev. I had a personal issue so I'm late. Going to catch up!

============================
  *** HOW WE'RE DOING ***
============================

rubyji [Today at 12:05 PM] 
in #diversity-inclusion
:white_check_mark: If people want, I think it can be really helpful to also check in with how we’re feeling and what we’re personally bringing in to the meeting today.

6 replies
rubyji [1 hour ago] 
I really go back and forth between completely buried under a heavy rock of fascism and then getting back up and getting my self into fighting shape so I can save democracy. I’m a little more up than down, much better than last week! (edited)

gdemet [1 hour ago] 
Rebecca Solnit's "Hope in the Dark" is a good book for activists who are feeling discouraged and looking for a reminder of what activism can achieve.

rubyji [1 hour ago] 
I love her writing!

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
@rubyji I feel the same way.  But I also work for Gov and I really feel it lately. Like there's the Fascism and then there's the attacks on govies and our work.


cboyden [1 hour ago] 
I was at the Lesbians who Tech summit last weekend and it was very energizing


rubyji [45 minutes ago] 
Yes @cboyden. I think community is critical to our emotional and political survival right now.

============================
   *** BOOTH PHOTOS ***
============================

rubyji [Today at 12:14 PM] 
in #diversity-inclusion
:white_check_mark:  We are going to have a table at DrupalCon with a photo activity so people can take pictures of themselves that say something like “I’m a Drupaller!” to show the diversity of the community.

42 replies
rubyji [1 hour ago] 
@alannaburke Is working on this, and may be able to join the meeting later. She will be posting an update an update in GitHub soon.

rubyji [1 hour ago] 
@bendygirl In answer to your question, we will have a table located at the Drupal Association’s booth.

rubyji [1 hour ago] 
There has been discussion of printing the photos to give to people, printing them to display at the booth, and/or posting them on Instagram.

rubyji [1 hour ago] 
Any thoughts or suggestions?

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
thanks

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
What about Polaroids?

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
http://www.polaroid.com/products/category/cameras-and-film/instant-cameras-film

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
apparently, they're still a thing

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
looks like they aren't too expensive. http://www.bestbuy.com/site/polaroid-snap-touch-13-0-megapixel-digital-camera-white/5624267.p?skuId=5624267
Best Buy
Polaroid - Snap Touch 13.0-Megapixel Digital Camera - White
Polaroid Snap Touch 13.0-Megapixel Digital Camera: Real-image viewfinder; 3.5" touch-screen LCD; 1080p HD video; Multi-picture burst; Built-in speaker; USB charging (6KB)

bendygirl [1 hour ago] 
Not that anyone wants to foot this bill, just thinking it'd be a twofer. Images for a board AND on instagram

alannaburke [1 hour ago] 
The plan is something like that, but I was thinking more of a photo printer  - same idea!


rubyji [1 hour ago] 
That’s an interesting idea, @bendygirl. If we have a sticker to add to the printout we could use it to give people their photo but also keep and use the digital version.

alannaburke [1 hour ago] 
I’m looking for the best option economically, and to let us do something like, have a border or hashtag printed on the photo

rubyji [1 hour ago] 
That sounds perfect, @alannaburke.

alannaburke [45 minutes ago] 
i wound up with a long list of photo printers, so i’ll try to sort through the whole thing tonight!

cottser [44 minutes ago] 
I haven't followed all these discussions so this might not be a new suggestion but if we have a way of attaching the photos to someone's con badge/lanyard it might be a way of spreading things in real life

bendygirl [44 minutes ago] 
People could hold a small whiteboard with the info we want AND be able to do more than just that

alannaburke [43 minutes ago] 
yes, we were thinking maybe of making a frame or a board to hold, as well


bendygirl [43 minutes ago] 
Several camps have a little extra funds this year and want to support the community, perhaps we suggest that they each purchase 1 pack of film and donate it to the Diversity table?


bendygirl [43 minutes ago] 
@alannaburke That is an awesome idea

alannaburke [42 minutes ago] 
that would be amazing! the next idea was going to be how to fund it - i was going to ask my company, but something like a pack of film from several places (once we know what we need) would be so helpful

rubyji [41 minutes ago] 
I wonder if there’s any way for our stickers to double as a badge on the photo or on conference name tags.

bendygirl [41 minutes ago] 
It's also low cost enough that each camp or meetup or group could feel like they were making a difference

bendygirl [40 minutes ago] 
I'd be happy to suggest something like this (when we've fleshed it out) to the other camp organizers

alannaburke [40 minutes ago] 
definitely. I’ll keep that in mind!

alannaburke [40 minutes ago] 
there is a github issue if you want to follow it

rubyji [39 minutes ago] 
https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/23

Drupalcon booth photo setup · Issue #23 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.
 

cottser [39 minutes ago] 
Thanks! On my phone so the link is much appreciated :)

alannaburke [37 minutes ago] 
I have to hop on a call so i’ll check back on the thread later and my plan for tonight is to watch a long movie and bang out these plans!

rubyji [34 minutes ago] 
Thanks so much, @alannaburke++ !

cottser [33 minutes ago] 
Using the sticker could be a great way to do this on the cheap! And might have more visual impact than a border

cottser [33 minutes ago] 
But I don't know what they normally look like

rubyji [31 minutes ago] 
I also love the idea of a giant polaroid frame that people hold up to have their picture taken in. I’ve seen that at other events and it’s very fun. Then we can print our message on the frame.

cottser [27 minutes ago] 
That sounds cool!

rubyji [25 minutes ago] 
Small example: https://photography.thefuntimesguide.com/files/diy-party-polaroids.jpg (47KB)

rubyji [25 minutes ago] 
Large example: https://1.bp.blogspot.com/--apPeLBqefs/VTJwMkStlyI/AAAAAAAAC1Y/w9HmQLIf50M/s1600/vegasblog19.jpg (140KB)

rubyji [24 minutes ago] 
Whiteboard approach: https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/600x315/73/80/78/738078270822da1dd5c5ed0b4393561b.jpg (26KB)

bendygirl [22 minutes ago] 
argh, I like them all. I really like the pictures behind with the really big one, but I'd love it more if it were messy. Like Diversity doesn't have to be perfect, we're people and we come with our own mess kind of a concept

rubyji [17 minutes ago] 
Yeah we don’t need to make any detailed decisions at this point. :slightly_smiling_face:

rubyji [12 minutes ago] 
Check this out! https://www.etsy.com/listing/244752226/instagram-frame-printed-and-shipped-to
Etsy
Instagram Frame Printed and Shipped to you. Fully Customized Cutout Photo Booth Prop Instagram Frames for Birthday Parties
Instagram Style Photo Prop Frame by SocialCutouts HUGE 28” x 40” Cutout! Easily fits 3-4 people! Printed on 4mm plastic sign material. Others are selling just the design only, leaving you to go find a printer. We print directly on the plastic sign and have a laser guided cutting machine do all the cutting! Take your social media marketing to the next level - These cutouts attract attention! You wont believe how many fans will line up to take a photo with your companys instagram cutout. Increase your Show more…
USD
----------------
$60.00

Available
----------------
830

(83KB)

rubyji [11 minutes ago] 
My coworkers did something like this for an event so I pinged them for info.

sugaroverflow [7 minutes ago] 
I love the instagram frame :smile:


============================
    *** STICKERS ***
============================

rubyji [Today at 12:18 PM] 
in #diversity-inclusion
:white_check_mark: We’re going to have stickers made to hand out at DC. This doesn’t need to be decided this week, but happy to get suggestions as to what should be on the sticker besides our logo. https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/24

Sticker image · Issue #24 · drupaldiversity/administration · GitHub
administration - Tasks, meeting notes, documents-in-progress, policies, etc.

7 replies
mikemiles86 [1 hour ago] 
@rubyji I would suggest that the stickers also include the web address to the group


cottser [1 hour ago] 
We talked about using the twitter handle I think as well, possibly in a previous meeting

rubyji [45 minutes ago] 
If it has nothing else, I think DrupalDiversity.com, because that can point people to everything else. But then so does saying @DrupalDiversity.

cboyden [42 minutes ago] 
For simplicity's sake should we pick just one of them, twitter or website?

cottser [41 minutes ago] 
@cboyden absolutely I don't think it needs both

cottser [40 minutes ago] 
Arguably twitter is better to put because as of this writing it's more of a resource thanks to @rubyji, of course these things are evolving but either domain or twitter do refer to each other as Ruby pointed out


rubyji [28 minutes ago] 
And Twitter does link to our website.


=================================
*** SPRINT &/OR MEETING AT DC ***
=================================

rubyji [Today at 12:30 PM] 
in #diversity-inclusion
:white_check_mark: There has been some talk of a sprint while we’re at DC.

25 replies
rubyji [39 minutes ago] 
For selfish reasons I’d like to figure out what’s going on so I can make travel plans and figure out other commitments.

bendygirl [38 minutes ago] 
Will there be a component at the Community Summit?

bendygirl [38 minutes ago] 
I'm deciding between training, community summit and gov summit

rubyji [38 minutes ago] 
No, @bendygirl. I don’t think we’ll have an official presence at the community summit. I’ll be at NP summit.

cboyden [37 minutes ago] 
Is anyone going to the higher ed summit? They have breakout sessions.

rubyji [37 minutes ago] 
Also, FYI there will be a session at DrupalCon about us, the DD&I working group! It will be led by Nikki and me. https://events.drupal.org/baltimore2017/sessions/year-diversity-initiatives
DrupalCon
Baby Steps, Lessons Learned & Big plans for Drupal Diversity and Inclusion
The Drupal Diversity & Inclusion Working Group (DD&I) was formed after DrupalCon New Orleans and has spent the last year working to build a more inclusive, diverse and respectful Drupal Community.  In this session, we’ll review our successes (and challenges) of 2016 and share our plans for 2017.
Jan 29th at 12:44 PM
  

rubyji [36 minutes ago] 
And @drnikki has two other other great diversity-related sessions: https://events.drupal.org/baltimore2017/sessions/100-ways-you-can-be-ally and https://events.drupal.org/baltimore2017/sessions/business-case-diverse-team
DrupalCon
100 Ways You Can Be An Ally
Once people see how exclusionary technical communities (and groups in general) can be, they often ask “How can I help? What can I do?”  This short session will provide attendees with achievable, attainable and approachable next steps in their paths as allies.   (Yes, there will be at least 100 ways!)
Jan 29th at 12:36 PM
 DrupalCon
The Business Case for Diverse Teams
After doing a thorough review of studies performed by organizations like Harvard Business Review, Forbes, Scientific American, and myriad scholars working in American universities, we can say with confidence: diverse teams are more profitable and successful than homogenous teams.
Jan 29th at 12:38 PM

rubyji [36 minutes ago] 
I mention all this because it relates to how and when we might get together as a group.

rubyji [35 minutes ago] 
Were folks thinking about a Friday sprint?

cboyden [33 minutes ago] 
It might also be nice to have a BOF directly after one of the three sessions mentioned, carry the momentum forward. Or a lunch gathering if the session is just before lunch.


bendygirl [33 minutes ago] 
A sprint sounds like a great idea. I try to sprint on COD documentation, but it might be nice to do something else at the sprints

cottser [32 minutes ago] 
Friday sprint makes sense to me. I probably won't be able to join but to me that seems the most natural to have it with the other sprints

cottser [32 minutes ago] 
(Not saying I need to be there but more that other people may have conflicts too but that's ok!)

rubyji [32 minutes ago] 
Yes, @cboyden. That’s part of how this group was formed last year when @drnikki & @techgirlgeek’s diversity session spilled over into a BOF.

rubyji [31 minutes ago] 
Yeah, @cottser. Since I’m coming Sunday night for a Monday summit, I don’t feel very likely to stay all of Friday.

rubyji [31 minutes ago] 
What if we did a morning meeting or maybe even a breakfast for Friday?

cottser [31 minutes ago] 
And it has come up before but we need to figure out what we will be sprinting on, the event organizer handbook is definitely a candidate


rubyji [31 minutes ago] 
Would people be able to come?

rubyji [30 minutes ago] 
Yes. I also think setting up our own Drupal site (or at least planning it) could be a good project, but we can also do that separately.

rubyji [18 minutes ago] 
Would people be interested in a morning gathering of some kind on Friday? (Again, no decision needed, just trying to figure out folks preferences.)

cboyden [17 minutes ago] 
I can do Friday morning


cottser [17 minutes ago] 
Not sure yet but I'm interested


bendygirl [16 minutes ago] 
I'll be driving in from College Park, so mornings are not really my friend :disappointed:


bendygirl [15 minutes ago] 
I wish I didn't live so close to Baltimore on the other hand, it's an awesome Drupal Community in Maryland.

sugaroverflow [7 minutes ago] 
Not sure yet, but interested
