## DD&I Meeting May 25 Notes

## Attendees:
@heyrocker, @alannaburke, @mtift, @acrosman, @rubyji, @cottser, @cach, @rgoodine, @justachris, @sugaroverflow, @bradleyfields, @gapple, @mdrummond

## Status updates from teams:
### Moderation Guidance -
@alannaburke: Hello all! Not a great deal to update, I think we have all been busy this past week, but we have been working away at a list of issues to make this channel safe and friendly - there’s a lot to consider and we want to make sure we approach everything right.

If you are interested at all in moderation or helping shape our guidelines, please let me know, or comment on this issue: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/69

### Design Team
@cottser: Hey everyone, I missed last week's meeting and overall I've had very little bandwidth over the last couple weeks to get things rolling. We do have a couple members on the design team so far and what we've been up to so far is working on some updates to the website to line things up with the branding that I created, make things more accessible, etc.

If you're interested in (helping contribute to) design-y things, or even frontend, feel free to reply to this thread or DM me.

### Content team
@sugaroverflow: The Content team is having it’s first meeting tomorrow at 12 PM EST (9AM PST) in this channel. After that, we will have our meetings on the first friday of every month. We’ll go over some of the issues that I’d like to be working on and some content that needs writing.

If you’re interested in helping with some of the work we do, please check out our project board http://bit.ly/ddi-content-project-board. All the issues “On Focus” need some volunteers!

@sugaroverflow: Some of the issues that need some love:
- Ideas for a newsletter: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/86
- A blog post for the website about getting involved in DD&I (I’m sure you all can write one!): https://github.com/drupaldiversity/drupaldiversity.github.io/issues/19

@rubyji: If anyone has favorite Twitter tools, we’d be interested to hear about them.
@kara: @rubyji tweetdeck before twitter nerfed it? :)

@rubyji: Talking about tools we can use now, @kara. I actually like Tweetdeck and use it a lot myself.

@crowdcg: I use Tweetdeck for DrupalCampNJ and it works ok. Also, maybe look at Buffer.

### Leadership team
@rubyji: Hello! The leadership team is @drnikki @heyrocker @sugaroverflow @catch and myself.

This week we have been getting our footing with the new structure of things. The main active thing we’re working on at the moment is a position/principles document.

We hope to have a draft of that doc to share with y’all next week for feedback.

## (2) Crowdsourcing D&I presentations

We’ve been working to crowdsource DD&I submissions for DrupalCamps:

  •    initial work has been done on Submission help-tools via: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LSd5fabs9HXa24iC-brE7m0i4tQzbEwVMWljQkQWlig/edit

  •    If you’re someone that would like to submit a session, what other kind of support would be helpful? Are there individuals who would like some help with their submissions?

  •    Twin Cities DrupalCamp’s session submission is May 31st. @mdrummond would love to see diversity of both speakers and attendees and is happy to help with questions.

@mtift: The TCDC proposal deadline has been extended to Wednesday, May 31: http://2017.tcdrupal.org/sessions/call

@eatings: @rubyji CFP isn’t open yet, but badcamp would def welcome it.

@mdrummond: If anybody hasn’t been to Twin Cities Drupal Camp before, I just want to share that it’s a pretty great event at the best time of the year for Minnesota. There’s a free training day on Thursday, a sprint day on Sunday and two days of sessions on Friday and Saturday. There are always really good evening events at nice venues, and I think we have a pretty welcoming community here. If you’re able to make it, awesome! If you’re thinking of speaking, double awesome! Glad to help anyone on the fence about submitting.

## (3) Weekly DDI Bookclub Updates
The Weekly DDI Bookclub is having it’s next meeting on May 31 and will be discussing the introduction and first chapter of the New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander. @sparklingrobots and @catch can answer any questions.

@rubyji: Strongly reccomend watching 13TH on Netflix as well. I think it’s a good companion, and Michelle Alexander is interviewed in it.

@sparklingrobots: Thanks @rubyji. We’ve talked about 13th as an addition to NJC without formalizing any plans for watching. We can add it in--or if people have watched the movie but not read, they can still participate.

@mdrummond: 13th might be a nice follow-on after we finish the book. There’s also a good (free) guide to organizing around the concepts in the New Jim Crow that might work well as another follow-up.

## (4) Agendas for meetings

Our agendas for each week are public and crowd-sourced. You can contribute to next week’s agenda here: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/94

## (5) Floor is open
And with that, we’ve covered everything - the floor is open if anyone would like to raise an issue or share something. We would also like to hear ideas or suggestions of things you’d like to work on.

@rubyji: If you’re joining late, just check out each thread and jump in wherever you have questions or suggestions.

As you can see, a lot of our group’s work is now happening in teams (https://drupaldiversity.github.io/2017/05/11/teams.html), so please contact the team leaders if you want to get more involved in what they’re doing.
