# Attendance
@drnikki, @heyrocker, @rubyji, @sugaroverflow, @kara, @alannaburke, @justachris, @mtift, @bradleyfields, @angelam, @cboyden, @cottser, @unitoch, @amanda
 
Meeting led by @heyrocker, notes by @drnikki
 
Hi and welcome to the weekly Drupal Diversity & Inclusion Working Group meeting
Some notes:
This meeting is chat-only. There is no video or audio component. 
We use threads to organize our messages.  You may need to check your notification scheme to be notified of replies to threads you’re involved in.
We leave about 5 minutes in between messages so that people who are multi-tasking can follow along.  
If you’re joining us in any capacity this morning, please respond to this thread.
 
 
 
# Agenda
 
A few weeks ago, we broke the DD&I group into teams (read about that here: https://drupaldiversity.github.io/2017/05/11/teams.html).  Teams are open to anyone who wants to get involved, and are just a way for us to focus on issues and organize work.  We’ll be starting off with checkins from our team leaders. 
 
### First, up @alannaburke with the moderation team
Moderation team meeting to be set on june 1
Issue queue here: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/moderation-guidance/issues
 
### @cottser for design 
Working on website updates in queue here: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Team%3A+Design%22
 
###@sugaroverflow for content
sugaroverflow We meet on the first Friday of every month - our next meeting will be on July 7 2017 at 12 PM EST right here in this channel.
 
1. Choosing a twitter scheduling and team management service. Vote on this comment with an emoji for Hootsuite (:large_blue_diamond: ) or Tweetdeck (:large_orange_diamond: ) and let us know why you prefer one over the other. see issue: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/92 (edited)
 
2. Creating a glossary for Diversity & Inclusion terms. Is there terminology you’ve seen in this channel or heard that you feel needs to be explained to newcomers? see issue: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/77 (edited)
 
3. I want to hear what your experience at Drupalcon was like! Did you visit our booth and get your picture taken? Did you wear a smiley face pin or put our sticker on your badge? What kinds of sessions did you attend and how was your experience meeting people?
project board https://github.com/orgs/drupaldiversity/projects/3
 
 
### leadership team - @drnikki
 
Our leadership team is having its first meeting next Wednesday morning to cowork on a first draft of a position and principles document for DD&I.  This document will be shared with the group as soon as it’s cohesive.
 
This document is an extension/variant of some issues that have been in our queue for a while: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/22 and https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/2
 
 
### INPUT NEEDED
When speakers submitted sessions for DrupalCon Baltimore, they were presented with an option to identify themselves in a few ways: as people of color, as LGBTQIA+, as people from different countries, ethnicities or socio-economic backgrounds that are underrepresented in Drupal.  We need a concise way to describe the folks who chose to identify themselves and avoid falling into the trap of calling people “diverse” (like the centerfold program page at Baltimore: https://twitter.com/drupaldiversity/status/857237711618531329)
 
Discussion seems to be settling around wording like “X% of the sessions were from someone who self-identified as part of one or more underrepresented groups”. Also discussion around the fact that “marginalized” is becoming a problematic term.
 
### FEEDBACK WANTED 
Is there anything that folks would like to see in these meetings that we’re not doing (or want us to do more of?)?  More visibility into anything? Open question for anyone who wants to share. 
 
no feedback given. Added to agenda for next week’s meeting.
 
 
### Other Topics
Agenda for next week’s meeting: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/97
 
Last stuff
@sparklingrobots and @catch lead the DD&I Book Club every Wednesday at 9a PST / 12p EST/ 17UTC here. Next week is the next few chapters of _The New Jim Crow_. 