Attendees
@lauras, @angelam, @eatings, @sugaroverflow, @mikemiles86, @alannaburke, @megh, @hussainweb, @rubyji, @drnikki, @johnshortess, @sarahjean, @catch, @penyaskito, @manning

- booth talking points https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/46
- open issue for things we want to discuss in our strategy meeting at DC. So especially if you can't be with us physically - https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/28

THE ALL DRUPALCON meeting

:two: Updates from @alannaburke
TLDR: She's good. Will report next week (or earlier) the kind of help she needs.

:one: Updates from @mikemiles86

:three: Drupalcon strategy meeting time VOTES.  React to the comment that is BEST for you.


strategy meeting voting
Thursday 12 - 1:30

Wednesday 1- 2:30


:six: While we're talking about the meeting, if there's anything you'd like to add to the agenda - ESPECIALLY if you can't attend - please drop it in here (including links to other issues...)  You can also DM it to me and I will post it if you don't want to list it publicly https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/28.

:seven: There's a lot of :shit: going on in the community right now.  We have a list of talking points specifically for folks working the booth, but which can be used by anyone.  Extra eyes welcome: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QdWI9AjvjS42n6jbfk2Vn92xD2zgZPeMxmkuz_s9hTI/edit
