#Attendees
@justachris, @rubyji, @starshaped, @cleverington, @sugaroverflow, @heyrocker, @unitoch, @catch, @littlekope0903, @sacarney, @kara, @mtift, @rgoodine, @ponies_, @eatings, @tim.plunkett, @alannaburke, @sarahjean, @bradleyfields, @crow, @yesct, @hrodrig, @megansanicki, @drnikki, @angelam, @gapple, @cottser, @zombree, @cboyden, @sparklingrobots

(meeting led by @drnikki, notes by @drnikki)



First order of business :one: is the creation of official DD&I teams.  We'd like to scale DD&Is capacity as the group and our initiatives grow, and so this is the first pass at a formal structure for that.  The document outlining teams is here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E24reX_62IgRAYlq97v9McDDc1fT-Jc4hqMlb7FxciM/edit?disco=AAAABKhNobk&usp=comment_email_document  

:two: We've identified the need for some task-based teams to support general group infrastructure and progress.   As a first pass, If you're interested in joining a team, just add your name (and your slack username)  to the list in the doc
 - We'll ask for an initial commitment of 3 months to build a stable base and will figure out how to move forward from there (wrt best ways to elect and support folks)

:three: @sugaroverflow posted a doc aimed to be helpful at new members and folks new to the slack channel.  https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/pull/64  a HUGE way new members can contribute right now is to review that document and add any outstanding questions or things you'd like to see.  You'll only be new here once.

:four: We've been on github for a year, and I know that some people don't love it (others do), so we've got an open question for how best to manage tasks. Some people have suggested moving tasks to something like trello, others just doing everything in google docs.  Throwing it out there for discussion

resolution: stay on github, use projects, improved tagging system


:five: When Drupalcon Nashville was announced, there was a lot of sadness because of Tennessee laws.  (http://wspa.com/2017/02/09/tennessee-lawmakers-reintroduce-transgender-bathroom-bill/)  Open forum for what actions/recommendations we'd like to make to keep our trans/gnc members safe (edited)

- should we issue an official statement about why this is F'd
- what can we ask of the venue
- what can we ask of "official party" organizers

http://app-kerstens-antiques.pantheonsite.io/app/user-antiques.json?filters[uid]=1990

:six: Want to call out

1. that we've added some new teams to the doc - just clarifying that we have folks who are wiling to help with website updates specifically and added a project management team.  Some of these will be combined, we're taking a best guess at the teams we need.  

2. That based on a suggestion in a thread, we're going to set these to a ~3 month commitment and then checkin and reevaluate.


@megansanicki joined the meeting towards the end and folks discussed their concerns about drupalcon nashiville, and what the expectations are from the DA.  https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/66 was opened to collaborate on our requests/items for which we're adovating.
