#Attendees
@cboyden, @drnikki, @bradleyfields, @rgoodine, @hrodrig, @mtift, @tarusso, @mdrummond, @mchelen, @cottser, @littlekope0903, @johnshortess, @rachel_norfolk, @sugaroverflow, @justachris, @catc, @rubyji, @kara, @gdemet, @eatings, @heyrocker, @cleverington

:one: I try to leave about 5 minutes per thread so that people multi-tasking have time to catch up.  
- Our first order of business is to announce DD&I teams.

There is a blog post announcing the team leaders here: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/drupaldiversity.github.io/blob/blog/_posts/2017-05-11-teams.md (this will be on our website after my pull request gets approved.

  - could clarify now what the process will be in 3 months (the problem is that we don't know...)

:two: I'd like to give folks a chance to join teams if they haven't already.  You can add your name and handle here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E24reX_62IgRAYlq97v9McDDc1fT-Jc4hqMlb7FxciM/edit

:three: team leaders have been talking with each other about organizing github and issues in general.  Feedback wanted on: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/60

:four: Last week we crowdsourced a D&I submission for a Texas DrupalCamp. Other camps are coming up - next is GovCon and there are people who want to submit but need help getting a submission together.

-  initial work has been done on Submission help-tools via: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LSd5fabs9HXa24iC-brE7m0i4tQzbEwVMWljQkQWlig/edit


:five: An issue that needs thoughts and words: https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/issues/66 There was a lot of concern last week about DrupalCon Nashville and people wanted to make sure that concerns were captured

:six: Our "intro to slack" document written by @sugaroverflow has been merged - https://github.com/drupaldiversity/administration/blob/4ef17a61d7aa853a1c0b7a693f89f6c848b35e79/working-docs/slack-channel-introduction.md
